.ds PX \s-1POSIX\s+1
.ds UX \s-1UNIX\s+1
.ds AN \s-1ANSI\s+1
.ds GN \s-1GNU\s+1
.ds AK \s-1HEADERBROWSER\s+1
.TH HEADERBROWSER 1 "May 09 2001" "headerbrowser.org" "Utility Commands"
.SH NAME
headerbrowser \- Create documentation from C/C++ headers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B headerbrowser
[ 
.B \-o
.I output-path ]
[ 
.B \-t
.I type ]
[ 
.B \-l
.I language ]
 files .\|.\|.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I HeaderBrowser
is a simple and efficient tool for creating documentation from C/C++ source code. 
It is an open source project, running on most of Unix-like OS.
.PP
You could use this program to process previously created source headers and create
documentations.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.I HeaderBrowser
accepts the following options.
.TP
.PD 0
.BI \-o " output-path"
Create the documentation files in the
.I output-path
directory.
.TP
.PD 0
.BI \-t " type"
Use the
.IR type
conversion process. It could be :
.br
h2h: header to HTML
.br
h2x: header to XHB (XML format used in HeaderBrowser)
.br
x2h: XHB to HTML
.br
The default conversion is "h2h".
.TP
.PD 0
.BI \-l " language"
Use the
.IT language
specification. It could be :
.br
eng : english
.br
fr : french
.PD
.SH VERSION INFORMATION
This man page documents
.IR HeaderBrowser ,
version 0.8.0.
.SH AUTHORS
.I HeaderBrowser
was completely designed and implemented by Amaury Bouchard (amaury@amaury.net).
.SH BUG REPORTS
If you find a bug in
.IR HeaderBrowser ,
please send electronic mail to
.BR contact@headerbrowser.org .
.SH COPYING PERMISSIONS
Copyright \(co 2001 Amaury Bouchard
.PP
Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual page provided the copyright notice and this permission
notice are preserved on all copies.
.ig
Permission is granted to process this file through troff and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual page).
..
.PP
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual page under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that
the entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual page into another language, under the above conditions for
modified versions, except that this permission notice may be stated in
a translation approved by the Foundation.
